Body Mass (g): Return only a single numeric value measured in grams, but omit the unit in the output.
Brain Mass (g): Return only a single numeric value measured in grams, but omit the unit in the output.
Colonial: Coloniality is bird nests densely aggregated in close proximity to each other, with many individuals and mated pairs sharing the same space. Options for this category are - Colonial (obligately or vast majority of adults in that species are colonial); Facultative (profile indicates that populations of a species vary as to whether it breeds colonial or not); Loose (indicates tendency to breed in relatively close proximity but not at the same density as colonial breeding. Birds nesting in the same tree or cliffside but with nests several meters apart rather than directly adjacent to one another); No (Nesting in the species has been characterized. Territorial behavior is mentioned, and there is no mention of coloniality. Or species is explicitly said to be not colonial); Unknown.
Maximum colony size: largest recorded colonies for a given species IF colonial or facultatively colonial. Respond as a single number representing the number of pairs (e.g. 10000, 20, etc.)
Cooperative breeding: Respond with "Yes", "No", or "Unknown". If cooperative breeding is mentioned, that is the only positive confirmation. Otherwise, if nesting and social behavior have been characterized, “No” should be assumed. If these things haven’t been characterized or have been characterized very little, cooperative breeding should be characterized as “Unknown”.
Communal foraging: Options are the following - Social (No mention of solitary foraging, species said to forage in groups); Facultative (Individuals can forage either solitarily/in pair or in groups); Solitary/In Pair (Individuals forage either alone or with mate); Unknown.
Sociality outside of breeding: all sociality that might occur outside of the breeding season but not necessarily in foraging. For example, many birds visit communal roosts at night outside of the breeding season, but may still forage solitarily. Note that if species communally forages, then it can only be listed as social or facultative in this category. Options for this category are - Social (No mention of solitary behavior outside of the breeding season, extensive flocking mentioned); Facultative (Species mentioned as sometimes being alone as well as flocking outside of breeding); In Pair/Solitary (Species explicitly mentioned as associating only with mate or alone outside of breeding); Unknown
Migratory: answer with "Yes", "No", or "Partially".
Habitat Type: select one of the following - Terrestrial (any landbird that spends most of its time in terrestrial environments); Freshwater (any bird that spends most of its time in freshwater environments. includes wading birds and waterfowl, but not birds that forage on vegetation in or near riparian areas); Freshwater/Coastal (Bird splits its time between these two environments or is equally likely to be found in either); Coastal (Any bird that spends most of its time along coastlines and rarely far from shore); Coastal/Sea (Bird splits its time between these two environments or is equally likely to be found in either); Sea (Any bird that spends most of its time far from coastlines hunting in open-water environments and nesting on islands)