Mating System: How individuals mate with each other. This is a discrete trait, and the options are Monogamous, Polygynous, Polyandrous, Polygamous, and Promiscuous. 
Social Dominance Hierarchy: How non-mating individuals in a group interact with one another. This is a discrete trait, and the options are No, Linear, and Non-Linear.
Territoriality (males): Whether males of this species maintain territory, and how much territory. This is a discrete trait, and the options are No, Small territories, and Large territories.
Territoriality (females): Whether females of this species maintain territory, and how much territory. This is a discrete trait, and the options are No, Small territories, and Large territories.
Group Size During Reproduction: The size of the social group while reproducing. This is a discrete trait, and the options are solitary (no sociality), small groups (2-10 individuals), medium groups (10-100 individuals), and large groups (100-1000 or more individuals).
Group Size Outside of Reproduction: The size of the social group while not reproducing. This is a discrete trait, and the options are solitary (no sociality), small groups (2-10 individuals), medium groups (10-100 individuals), and large groups (100-1000 or more individuals).
Group Property: How social individuals act towards each other. This is a discrete trait, and the options are aggressive, interactional, and cooperative.
Age at Maturity: How old individuals in a species are on average when they become reproductively viable. This should be a number in years. 
average life expectancy: How old individuals in a species are on average when they die. This should be a number in years. 
# offspring/reproductive bout: Number of offspring per reproductive event. This should be a number. If there is a range, take the average. 
reproductive rate: Number of offspring on average per year for a single individual. This should be a number. If there is a range, take the average. 
Migratory behavior: Whether or not an individual or group within the species migrates at some point during the year. This is a discrete trait, and the options are yes, no, “no, they migrate eventually”, and “no, the female will migrate for mate.” 
Activity Pattern: How often an individual in the species will try to reproduce. This is a discrete trait, and the options are yearround, seasonal, and opportunistic.
Habitat Complexity: Refers to the variety of structural features within an environment, such as the amount of cover, physical structure, and the arrangement of those features. This is a range from simple/open to complex.